Add llmobs instructions to nvidia nim tile (#19575)
DataDog/integrations-core: nvidia_nim/README.md

- This check requires Agent v7.61.0+
- This check uses [OpenMetrics][10] for metric collection, which requires Python 3.

`### Installation
The NVIDIA NIM check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package. No additional installation is needed on your server.

> #### LLM Observability: Get end-to-end visibility into your LLM application's calls to Nvidia Nim

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### LLM Observability: Get end-to-end visibility into your LLM application's calls to NVIDIA Nim
```

> NVIDIA NIM uses the OpenAI client to handle API calls [Nvidia Nim][11]. In order to monitor your application using NVIDIA NIM and set up LLM Observability, please follow the instructions in the [OpenAI integration][12]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NVIDIA NIM uses the OpenAI client to handle API calls from [NVIDIA NIM][11]. To monitor your application using NVIDIA NIM and set up LLM Observability, follow the instructions in the [OpenAI integration][12] documentation.
```
